

Hi,

Thanks for taking time to do this challenge as part of interviewing for the role at Glasscubes. 
We'd like to get a feel on how you write your code and how you approach your development. 
We don't want to put you under pressure in an online coding interview as thats not how we or you program in the real world,
so we think its unfair to interview you like that. In the real world we use Google to remember Javadocs to and remind yourself what something is called or works. 

We'd like you to spend 1.5hrs developing a feature with the following requirement:

The user is presented with a web page, that enables them to run a report. This report will count the top 'X' words 
occurrences found within a set of 'N' files. X is a number inputed by the user on the webpage. 
'N' files is an unknown number of files that reside on the server with a fixed path somewhere on the server. 
The user needs to know the top occurrences of words found in each file (in order), and a summary of top word occurrences across all files.
The size of the files and number of files maybe too large to load into memory.



You are free to implement however you see fit. We only ask the following requirements:
 - the web page is presented in a user friendly manner and style to the user.
 - the request and results are rendered via JQuery calling an API
 - the results are calculated in the most efficient way you can devise.
 

After 1.5hrs we'd like you to send over the code for review.  If you think of shortfalls of your code that you simply
do not have the time to address thats ok, just make a note on them and we can discuss.

To get you started we have created this basic maven project running on JDK 11:

src/main/resources/public contains the html, css and JS
src/main/java/com/glasscubes/finder/APIEndpint.java contains a simple REST endpoint that is called from the the JS 
within index.html

To launch the application run src/main/java/com/glasscubes/finder/FinderApplication.java and navigate your browser to localhost:8080







 